well just over 24 hours remain in an
extension granted to Pro Palestinian
protesters at Columbia University in New
York before they face eviction from a
protest Camp erected on campus police
arrested more than a hundred students
last week in an attempt to quell the
protest against Israel's war in Gaza but
the Crackdown has inspired other
protests at universities across the
United States several colleges have
closed campuses and hundreds of students
have been arrested
[Music]
their message for the speaker of the
house was clear as Mike Johnson visited
Colombia's campus in New York his
thoughts on the protesters were also
unequivocal my message to the students
inside the encampment is get go back to
class and stop the nonsense there look
if we want to have a debate on campus
about the merits of these things let's
do that but you can't intimidate your
your fellow students and make them stay
home from class think about that is that
right do you think that's right stop
wasting your parents money uh
Congressman Lawler says I think that's
right pressure on the school's
Administration over its handling of the
protests is
intensifying with many including speaker
Johnson calling for the President to
resign I will say that the
Administration has done just about
everything possibly wrong it can do so
far and every single move they've made
has only made things worse the worst of
all being calling the police on Peaceful
Pro protesters who are mostly
undergraduates of 18 19 20 years old
demonstrators have been given until
Friday to disperse before the police
will be called in but despite demands to
call off the protests students remain
committed to the cause and supported by
faculty today marks one week since our
first encampment on the south lawn which
was brutally dismantled by NYPD at the
direction of columia Columbia University
after approximately 34 hours our demands
are the same divest disclose and amnesty
for all I think it's just been wonderful
the students have been very peaceful
they're very committed young people who
are anti-war antiviolence and pro
Palestinian Liberation Colombia notified
students at classes and exams for the
rest of the semester will be offered
online bringing a turbulent end to the
Academic
Year tww correspondent Benjamin Alvarez
Gruber is at Columbia University he told
us about the wider ramifications of
these protests for us
politics this is definitely a nationwide
topic you just mentioned the White House
we also had the Secretary of Education
Who weigh in here saying that what he
has seen on campus is is a disgrace the
White House the press release that they
send out out saying that anti-Semitism
has no space Not only in any college
across the country but also anywhere and
as we hear also the concerns of Jewish
students but also of Faculty members a
rabby cloth to the university even told
Jewish students to stay away but there
is important to make a difference
between the protesters protesting inside
the university but also outside when we
it came here earlier today we were
hearing is some chance also some people
were here is saying and rejecting a
two-state solution quite different to
the chance that were here in Sou but we
can imagine that this will still develop
as we see more and more universities
more of this protest also happening
across the country